Refactor docs for the new integrations page (#2290)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/integrations/zendesk/index.md

The Zendesk integration for Grafana OnCall handles ticket events sent from Zendesk webhooks.
The integration provides grouping, auto-acknowledge and auto-resolve logic via customizable alert templates.

> > You must have an [Admin role]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You must have the [role of Admin]({{< relref "user-and-team-management" >}}) to be able to create integrations in Grafana OnCall.
```

> ## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Monitoring System

Reviewer 2: "... from Zendesk"?

> ## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Monitoring System

Author: ```suggestion
## Configuring Grafana OnCall to Receive Alerts from Zendesk
```

1. In the **Integrations** tab, click **+ New integration**.
2. Select **Zendesk** from the list of available integrations.
3. Enter a name and description for the integration, click **Create**

> 4. The new page will open with the integration details. Copy the **OnCall Integration URL** from **HTTP Endpoint** section, you will need it when configuring Alertmanager.

Reviewer: should this say 'Zendesk' instead of 'Alertmanager'?

```suggestion
4. A new page will open with the integration details. Copy the **OnCall Integration URL** from **HTTP Endpoint** section. You will need it when configuring Zendesk.
```
